Updated instructions for using custom VCL code for blocking (#6097)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.2/cloud/cdn/fastly-vcl-blocking.md

## Create blocklist.json {#vcl}

{:.bs-callout-info}
This example shows advanced users how to create custom VCL code snippet to configure blocking rules that can be uploaded to the Fastly service using the Fastly API. You can also configure a blocklist or allowlist from the {{ site.data.var.ee }} Admin UI. See [Blocking](https://github.com/fastly/fastly-magento2/blob/master/Documentation/Guides/BLOCKING.md) in the Fastly CDN for Magento 2 module documentation.

After you define the Edge ACL, you can use it to create the VCL snippet to block access to the IP addresses specified in the ACL. You can use the same VCL snippet in both Staging and Production environments, but you must upload the snippet to each environment separately.

Create a `blocklist.json` file with the following VCL code in JSON format:

```json
{
  "name": "blocklist",
  "dynamic": "0",
  "type": "recv",
  "priority": "5",
  "content": "if ( client.ip ~ blocklist) { error 403 \"Forbidden\"; }"
}
```

Review the following parameter values and update your code snippet if necessary:

-  `name`: Name for the VCL snippet. For this example, we used the name `blocklist`.

> -  `priority`: Determines the order VCL snippets call. You want to set the priority to 5 to immediately run and check for blocked IP addresses. This priority runs the snippet immediately and before any of the uploaded and default Magento VCL snippets (magentomodule) that have a priority of 50.

Reviewer: This description seems wordy.

```suggestion
-  `priority`: Determines the order VCL snippets call. Set the priority to 5 to immediately run and check for blocked IP addresses. This priority runs before any of the uploaded and default Magento VCL snippets (`magentomodule_`) that have a priority of 50.
```

> -  `type`: For this VCL, we use `recv`, which places it in the `vcl_recv` subroutine, below the boilerplate VCL and above any objects.

Reviewer: Could use an initial statement of what type is like the other list item. Is the type list short? Could list them here, if there are one or two types. Just a thought.

> -  `type`: For this VCL, we use `recv`, which places it in the `vcl_recv` subroutine, below the boilerplate VCL and above any objects.

Author: ```suggestion
-  `type`: Specifies the type of VCL snippet which determines where to place the snippet in the generated VCL code. In this example,  we use `recv`, which inserts the VCL code in the `vcl_recv` subroutine, below the boilerplate VCL and above any objects. See the [Fastly VCL snippet reference](https://docs.fastly.com/api/config#api-section-snippet) for the list of snippet types.
```

-  `content`: The snippet of VCL code to run, which checks the client IP address. If the IP is in the Edge ACL, it is blocked from access with a `403 Forbidden` error for the entire website. All other client IP addresses are allowed access.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

> The default VCL snippets you uploaded included a prepended name of `magentomodule_` with a priority of 50. For your custom VCL snippets, **do not use the `magentomodule_` name**. Also consider the priority of your custom snippets if they should override the default snippets.

Reviewer: This callout has some readability problems. I made a suggestion, but you may have a better sense of how to fix both sentences.

```suggestion
 **Do not use the `magentomodule_` name** for your custom VCL Snippets. The default VCL snippets include a prepended name of `magentomodule_` with a priority of 50. We recommend that you change the name and reconsider the priority of your custom snippets.
```

## Finish adding the VCL {#complete}

After saving the VCL snippet, add the VCL snippet to the Fastly service configuration. See [Add VCL snippets using the Fastly API]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/cloud-vcl-custom-snippets.html#add-vcl-snippets-using-the-fastly-api).

## Additional VCL examples for blocking requests

> The following additional examples show the VCL code to block requests without using an ACL list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to block requests with VCL code instead of using an ACL list.
```

> **VCL code sample: Block by Country Code:**

Reviewer: This seems strange to use two colons on same line. 
Would this be an opportunity to use an h3?

```suggestion
### VCL code sample: Block by Country Code
```

This example uses the two-character ISO 3166-1 country code for the country associated with the IP address.

```json
{
  "name": "blockbycountrycode",
  "dynamic": "0",
  "type": "recv",
  "priority": "5",
  "content": "if ( geoip.country_code == \"HK\" ) { error 405 \"Not allowed\";}"
}
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> You can also configure blocking by country code or a list of country codes from the {{ site.data.var.ece }} Admin UI. See [Blocking](https://github.com/fastly/fastly-magento2/blob/master/Documentation/Guides/BLOCKING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure blocking by country code or a list of country codes from the {{ site.data.var.ece }} Admin UI. See [Blocking](https://github.com/fastly/fastly-magento2/blob/master/Documentation/Guides/BLOCKING.md).
```

> **VCL code sample: block by HTTP User-Agent request header:**

Reviewer: h3?

```suggestion
### VCL code sample: block by HTTP User-Agent request header
```
